- Let's do the demo for the async processing
in the H plus application.
The first step will be to set the async processing flag
on Dispatcher Servlet.
We talked about this flag that if you have to enable
the async processing capability, then you need
to set async supported flag to True.
I also mentioned since we created the spring MBC project
out of spring boat, we do not have to do this.
It is already set for us by default.
So that's done, step number one is okay.
The next step is adding async processing configuration
inside your WebConfig if needed.
WebConfig is your spring context configuration class
that we have as part of H plus.
How do we do that?
Let's go back to the IDE.
Let's pull out Application Config class.
In this class you can actually plug in some configuration
that is very specific to your async processing.
So how do you do that?
There is a method that you have to override here.
Let's come down on line 38.
There's a method called configureAsyncSupport.
Now this comes with a parameter of AsyncSupportConfigurer,
which will help you to set any kind
of specific configuration that you need for H plus
for async processing.
What could you do in this?
We do not need the call to the super class method,
so we'll get rid of that.
We take the parameter, and on that, we call an API,
which is called setTaskExecutor.
So what is this?
This is that MBC task executer that that you need
to set beforehand so that it can be used to spawn
threads for your background processing calls,
which is the blocking calls that the thread
has to handle.
This will of course demand an async task executor,
as you already see that's already highlighted on the IDE.
Now this AsyncTaskExecutor is a bean that we
have to instantiate as a part of our application.
Let's park this method for now.
Come down there, and instantiate the AsyncTaskExecutor bean.
So how do we do that?
Well first of all, we need the bean annotation.
That will followed by the method.
This method is going to return, of course,
the asyncTaskExecutor, and let's call the method as
mbcTaskExecutor.
Inside this, we need an instance which can be mapped
to AsyncTaskExecutor.
We want to choose the thread pullTaskExecutor,
which is this one.
Let's instantiate that first, and then we'll talk about it.
What is this class?
This is basically coming from the spring framework,
that you can actually go an navigate to this.
If you see, this extends the ExecutorConfigurationSupport
and implements other interfaces.
This is basically that class which is going to help
you create your thread pull, you can configure the
max size of the pull.
You can also configure what is the time the threads
will be alive, et cetera.
All the configuration for the thread pull
can be done with the help of this instance.
What are we going to set on it?
We will just say TaskExecutor and on this, let's
set something.
We'll make sure that we have a thread named prefix,
which is very specific to the H plus application.
What this means is that when this task executor
is used to spawn threads for your background
blocking calls, then those threads should be created
with a specific name, and that name will have to have
a certain prefix, which is very specific
to H plus application.
Let's say we say hplusAppthread-.
So now the threads that get created will look like
hplusApp-thread-1, hplusApp-thread-2.
This is what we are asking the thread pool task executor
to do for us.
Why do we need to this?
Because we need to identify those thread names
in our logs so that we know that this thread
did a particular job.
Once that's done, let's just return the task executor
from here, and let's take this method.
Let's copy the name of that thread from line 47.
Let's go to line 43 and call that method here.
This is going to return that AsyncTaskExecutor for us.
That we are attaching to the setTaskExecutorAPI
of the asyncSupportConfiguror.
Inside this method of configure async support,
you can also do some other configuration.
For example, you say configuror.setdefaulttimeout.
Now on Tomcat, I believe that timeout is 10 seconds,
but you can configure anything for your own application.
Let's actually set this to five seconds.
So the argument value is in milliseconds, so we're going
to set this default time out to five seconds.
There we are.
We have configured some level of details inside
our application for H plus.
It's not necessary that you do this,
but it's always advisable to do that in case
you want to treat your application in a different manner.